You needn't overthink it.
I mean exactly what I say.
We are the special weapons
that you mentioned.
What should we do after breakfast?
Special weapons.
Mine!
No, it's mine!
Sit down and eat.
Hey!
Attention, girls!
These girls are special weapons?
Allow me to introduce you.
This is Second-Grade Technical Officer Willem,
and he'll be living with us from now.
Pleased to meet you all!
WorldEnd:
What do you do at
the end of the world?
Are you busy?
Will you save us?
You're up early!
Up for a duel?
Not really.
Hup.
Can you reach it now?
Lakhesh's gonna get eaten!
Kidnapped!
No, I'm not!
I'm not... Right?
This way!
Hey.
The children here aren't used
to having adult men around,
so they don't know how to interact with one.
I get that, but I can't deal with
them being terrified every day.
Honestly, it's depressing.
I understand!
You like little girls,
Technical Officer Willem?
I do like kids, yes.
Wow, really?
So which one is your type?
You have me, the boisterous Ithea,
capricious li'l Nephren here,
and my recommendation,
the fresh-faced and moody...
...Chtholly. I know.
Oh? When did you get close?
You sure move fast.
What's your story?
Cut it out, Ithea!
Okay, I will.
I find you three, and all the
little ones, very cute.
What? Lumping me in with the kids?
You aren't that much older.
I'll have you know I'm a
whole fifteen years old!
The question is if that falls within
the technical officer's range...
Ithea!
Anyway, I wish I could make the
little ones open up to me.
Even when agonized, you look
ve-ry de-li-cious.
N-Nygglatho?
Being an adult doesn't mean
you can just do anything—
I'll get the syrup and caramel ready, then.
Oh, that's what she meant?
I see!
That's it!
You can cook, huh?
A bit, yeah.
A man who can help around
the house is a keeper!
Yep.
Where did you pick that up?
There.
Here. Tell me what you think.
I-I'll pass.
Yeah?
Then...
Yum.
Looks yummy!
It smells so good!
Let's dig in right away, girls!
Yeah!
How you've changed.
Before, you seemed more
like an aloof degenerate.
Is something wrong?
Yeah, I had lost of myself for a moment.
Won't happen again.
I see.
But...
Seconds!
We want seconds!
Willem!
Willem! Willem!
I think it's too late now.
Looks like you got them to
open up. Good for you.
Yeah.
Kids really are great. They wear
their hearts on their sleeves.
Agreed.
Thanks for cleaning up with me.
You've been a great help.
Don't mention it.
It's a good distraction.
What? Something on your mind?
No, nothing.
Cleanup complete!
Well, goodnight.
Goodnight.
See you tomorrow.
Yeah, see you.
Here I go...
Take that!
Lakhesh is dead!
It's my turn to throw.
No, I'll throw it!
Hey, stop fighting.
Such a weirdo.
Can't stop thinking about him?
Wow, nice reaction.
What's wrong with you?!
Sorry, sorry.
But yeah, the kids took to him instantly.
It's like he's been here for years.
Yes.
The new hat.
You're really cherishing it, putting it
at the back of the closet.
Oh, so that's what that was about.
I-I'm not cherishing it or anything.
It's just that you don't need a hat
like that often, you know?
Oh?
What's with the look?
Well, I'll leave it at that.
Ren, are you interested in him, too?
Not really.
Though I do find him rather curious.
So you are interested in him.
Chtholly...
How many days left?
Around ten.
I don't know if that's enough time
to make your romance blossom.
Knock it off, Ithea.
Don't be shy, now.
In this day and age, lots of fairies
never hit adolescence.
But you fell in love, and that
makes you a winner in life!
It isn't like that...
I see.
I'll search the study for any
books that might help.
Not you, too.
Don't bother!
Let's hurry up and get dressed already.
Yeah, yeah.
Tiat's on your team, Collon!
Jeez...
I'll get it!
Wait up!
Almita!
Hey...
You okay, Almita?
Yeah... Ow...
Hup.
I went and fell.
Don't move. You've got a deep cut.
I'm fine.
Almita!
Get the ball!
It's over there!
Hup.
Hurry up!
You girls...
You look like you have something to say.
I didn't realize it until today.
They aren't at all concerned
about their lives, huh?
Yes, they're pretty indifferent.
It isn't normal.
Just who and what are
these girls, anyway?
Honestly, I'd rather not tell you.
Do you really want to know?
Once you do, your attitude
toward them will change.
I don't think you'll be able to
treat them the same way.
The past few days, you've acted
like a nice young man.
At first, I found it a bit creepy.
But now, I'm thankful for it.
If possible, I'd like you to keep
things the same for a while longer.
Tell me.
You don't need me to tell you about
the seventeen beasts, right?
The ones created 500 years ago by the
foolish humans... I mean, emnetwihts?
Awfully self-deprecating, aren't we?
Around 500 years ago,
the beasts wiped out all life on the
surface, including emnetwihts.
To this day, everyone in these skies
continues to live in fear of them.
How do we fight those beasts?
The answer lies beyond this door.
Are those... carillons?
They're called "dug weapons" now.
They're our only means
of fighting the seventeen beasts.
Insania.
Ignareo.
Percival.
Say...
Carillons were special weapons that only
chosen emnetwiht braves could use.
Correct.
So, with the emnetwihts gone,
who's fighting with them?
You already know, don't you?
Tell me.
Those girls are leprechauns.
Fairies who have imitated emnetwihts
since ancient times.
They can use emnetwiht weapons
as an emnetwiht would.
And...
Their bodies were made as weapons
to be expended in battle,
and they know no fear of death.
You wanted to know what those girls are.
Now you have your answer.
I see.
So those girls are your partners now?
Slow down, Pannibal!
Wait up!
By yourself, Nephren?
Yep.
Where are Chtholly and Ithea?
Went out.
And they didn't come
back for several days.
Venenum output is inversely proportional
to a spell caster's life force.
The more they want to live,
the lower the output.
And if one who doesn't
care about their life uses it,
the output rises drastically.
All that power will go out
of control immediately,
causing a massive explosion.
Caster and enemy will be blown up,
leaving only the dug weapon
on the battlefield.
Yeah,
those girls are excellent weapons.
If it isn't Technical Officer Willem.
Long time no see.
Are you okay?
Oh, I'm fine!
She is, too.
She's just napping 'cause
she's all worn out.
Good.
Fancy running into you here, though.
Out on a walk?
Nygglatho told me you were coming,
so I'm here to pick you up
Wait, does that mean...
You were away fighting the
seventeen beasts, right?
You knew?
How embarrassing.
That uniform...
Are you Willem?
Yeah. And you are?
Their weapons.
Return them to the vault.
Seniorious and Valgulious, right?
Wow, I'm amazed you know.
Seniorious is the one Chtholly's
compatible with.
And I've got Valgulious.
You're awfully well-informed.
Did you check our equipment
list or something?
Nope. They just happen to be
swords I'm familiar with.
Oh, really?
Well, how much do you know?
Not much.
I know that you're fairies.
And you fight with dug weapons
to protect the world.
That's about it.
Weren't you creeped out by the
idea of weapons that look like us?
Basically, we're disposable lives.
And we're even using relics of
those wretched emnetwihts.
What's up?
A long time ago,
I knew someone in a similar situation.
And I owe her a great deal,
for many things.
So when I heard your story,
I couldn't just leave you be.
That's all.
A sudden mention of your past!
Two people having a
heart-to-heart all alone.
Are you hitting on me right now?
All alone? Are you forgetting
about the girl on my back?
Oh!
It's the start of a love triangle filled
with love, hate, and jealousy!
Keep it down. You'll wake her.
Yeah, yeah.
What are you doing here?
Taking care of a patient.
Who are you calling a patient?
Don't push yourself.
You still have a fever.
I'm your caretaker. Let me
show some concern.
I don't need your concern,
caretaker or not...
I don't have much time left, anyway.
Time? What are you talking about?
Hey...
What is it?
If... And I do mean if...
If I were going to die in five days,
would you be a little nicer to me?
What's that supposed to mean?
In five days, Island 15 will come under
a powerful timere attack.
One of the seventeen beasts?
The beasts cannot fly.
But a timere can release
parts of its body into the air
and make it to the sky islands.
How can you say it'll be five days?
We can predict the attacks.
After centuries of fighting beasts,
we can do that much, at least.
Apparently, the incoming timere
cannot be fought with our usual methods.
But a fairy wielding a dug weapon...
...can take it out at the cost of her life?
Indeed.
If I use Seniorious to blow myself up,
I can just barely destroy it.
How lucky is that?
Nobody else will have to die.
Well?
There you have it.
Feel like granting me a final request yet?
Depends on what it is.
Well, uh...
For example, let's see...
What if I asked you to let me kiss you?
After all that talk about
having five days left,
that's what you ask for?
Problem?
Ouch...
You're just a kid. Quit trying
to be something you're not.
What the heck?!
What's wrong with wanting fond
memories before I go?
I'm about to die, but I
want to leave a mark!
To remain in someone's heart.
To be connected to someone...
What's wrong with wishing for that?!
I'm telling you not to sell yourself short.
Don't settle for just anyone.
Buy me while I'm selling myself short!
It's a basic rule for shopping smart.
Go away!
If you won't kiss me, don't touch
me! I'm not crying!
You sound like you are.
I'm not crying.
Jeez...
Hey, get on your belly for a sec.
Can't hear you.
Just do it.
I can't hear you!
Oh, come on.
Could you be any more stubborn?
What just happened?
Er, I didn't really feel that one...
I knew it.
You're showing typical symptoms
of venenum poisoning.
Due to generating too much,
you've got muscular fever.
Here...
And here?
O-Ow! That really hurts!
Once it loosens up, you'll feel better.
That doesn't... really help...
Just leave it all to me!
The mightiest brave is here
with the mightiest sword.
There's nothing for you to do.
Yeah, I really can't leave them be.
Next Episode
starry road to tomorrow
Next Episode:
starry road to tomorrow.